and there's been a breakthrough in
negotiations between Israel and Hamas
over a deal to allow a limited supply of
medicine and other Aid into Gaza the
agreement was brokered by qat and
France it will see humanitarian Aid
delivered to Palestinians in desperate
need in exchange for medication for
Israeli captives being held in Gaza
let's go to our correspondent Stephanie
DEA now she's joining us live from
occupied East Jerusalem Stephanie Cut's
foreign Ministry says that Aid will be
delivered to civilians in the most
affected and vulnerable areas do we know
what that
entails but it's very difficult very
dangerous to move around the Gaza Strip
at the moment most of the aid that has
been getting in and again we need to
stress that this is very very limited
and a very difficult process to get that
in uh is distributed from MFA remember
you have almost 2 million people
internally displaced uh in the area of
Rafa this is the southern part of the
Gaza Strip close to the border with
Egypt now significantly the aid for the
Palestinians is part of a wider deal
that has been in the negotiations for
weeks now which is to get medicine
particularly prescribed medicine to the
Israeli captives France also very much
involved in this its foreign Ministry
issued a statement saying that 45
captives would be receiving medicine for
various chronic illnesses uh and that
medicine should be lasting around three
months now there's been a lot of back
and forth on this deal the Israeli Prime
Minister's office announced it a couple
of days ago uh but there's been a lot of
logistical issues to iron out why
because this medication is to go to
specific hostages and Hamas has voiced
concerns that their concerned that
perhaps it could be traced for Israel to
find out where they are so a very
difficult logistical operation also the
first time that there is agreement
between Israel and Hamas on something
since the ceasefire collapse in the
early early of December so we're
expecting that medication which France
flew to Qatar to leave Kar today head to
Egypt and then be brought into Gaza to
be distributed Stephanie thank you very
much for that that is Stephanie deer
with what we know so far about that deal
live and occupied East Jerusalem